oci reg example (#5311)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud: examples/oci-registry/README.md

# OCI Registry

A minimal [OCI Distribution Spec][oci-dist] (v2) registry implemented as a single

> **wasip3** WebAssembly component. It exports `wasi:http/handler@0.3.0` to serve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**wasip3** WebAssembly component. 

This component exports `wasi:http/handler@0.3.0` to serve
```

the registry API and stores every blob, manifest, and tag through the async,
native-stream [`wasmcloud:blobstore@0.1.0`][wasmcloud-blobstore] interface, so it
runs against any blobstore backend (in-memory, filesystem, NATS, …) without code
changes.

> It is spec compliant and can be used as a drop-in target for real clients such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The registry implementation this component provides is spec compliant and can be used as a drop-in target for real clients such as
```

$ curl -i -X PUT "http://127.0.0.1:8000${LOC}?digest=${DIGEST}" --data-binary "$BLOB"
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
docker-content-digest: sha256:...

# Pull the blob back
$ curl "http://127.0.0.1:8000/v2/demo/blobs/${DIGEST}"
example blob
```

## How it works

Every object lives in one blobstore container (`oci-registry`), keyed by
repository name:

| Kind             | Object key                              |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| Blob             | `<name>/blobs/sha256_<hex>`             |
| Manifest content | `<name>/manifests/sha256_<hex>`         |
| Manifest type    | `<name>/manifests/sha256_<hex>.mediatype` |
| Tag → digest     | `<name>/tags/<tag>`                      |
| Upload session   | `<name>/uploads/<session-id>`           |
| Referrer         | `<name>/referrers/<subject>/<manifest>` |

Digests contain a `:` separator that is not portable across all blobstore
backends, so it is replaced with `_` in object keys. Blobs are content-addressed
and scoped per repository; tags are small pointer objects holding the digest they
resolve to, and each referrer is a stored descriptor keyed by its subject.

> ## Conformance

Reviewer: Maybe this should go in a `docs/conformance.md` and only be linked to in the top level README? The README is getting a bit long
